I know we are losers and that
you believe that life is charged more than
that gives but today not today has given us something
an opportunity to charge us in everything
and how the guardians of
the Galaxy
brings in the order because it is exactly
say all you do is sit
in that chair all day long and I
I ask if they do not have the weapon and could
even change your daily routine
master the universe sitting in this
chair you're going to try the best of
boy why do not you get up from that
chair and you force me I can not get up
of this signal is not my moment
also discomfort
we have to get out of here I hope that you
I have a plan with you ready to
those windows 11 shoots everyone to the
same window to design a game
as he would like those people who
impure mijares christian
I'm sorry I thought dad is if he's going to
interpose between me and me being rich that
you shit
jejeje will be four billion
forced units
but
never our salvation of this offer
It will be the touch to you if you like the time
free
what are you doing a dance flight you
and I sunday I do not know what I do not know more in the
beautiful sun as I want
and then I went and destroyed everything as
I
and large
Now I do not know about you
go Go
and we do now something good something bad a
little of every day
a little load
then who is the good and who the
bad
I'm Batman
you want to know my secret identity
he is the bad me rather I am the
good and bad or we good and
they the bad ones we go to others the bad ones
and we the good ones and blah blah blah to
this conversation is a good start
welcome back to earth this is
my cock I have missed a lot of
beautiful things I have this new thing
Ipod call will fit like a thousand no
of songs
now you sing a lot about asses because
so much obsession I do not know the music has
turned geek anyway you have
saved the galaxy many died
pilots but hey you have given the
handyman and in the end the thing has improved 6
no kidding, you have also left a
infinity gem of a city where what
that was almost protection you saw where
get the gem the first time not
there was nobody watching you and
your gems of infinity, so you're
half human and half something weird you do not have
the slightest interest thing that you have
father who forgives I have not heard you knew
who have made some movies of transformers
which looks more expensive has
asked what they want is to touch also
movies ninja turtles several times I
it seems that is happening in the subject
purpose you the bat shot
half summit who is your father I'm not
half bat only seen me as one
because I'm part seen this bat
to instill fear in the hearts of
my enemies where the bats the
fears your animals are frightening
Take you normal man I'm a band
I'm a band, I'm a batman
I'm Batman
jeju metro also has uncle uncle the
future is the cock I have to see these
movie now a few hours later
well now I know
Knowledge is half the battle
meanwhile in blood
ah
who has planted all these fruits